Update the attached code. Give me the code to create the following data visualization video.

All data visualizations are going to be placed withing ~50% width and ~60% height of a standard pptx presentation. So, take care of the font size and plot size and aspect ratios.

Extract data, models, history, results and artefacts are in respective folders inside /TeamHProj. also output files, data visualizations and output videos folders must be in proper folders inside /TeamHProj.

Visual: Electricity demand curves (last 7 days). Create a slow-motion video data representation that shows the plotting of the following for the last 7 days.
- Actual real-time fluctuation (STLF)
- STLF predictions by:
  * XGBoost (Grid search)
  * LSTM (Grid search)
  * TCN
  * TFT
  * LSTM + XGBoost ensemble
  * TCN + XGBoost ensemble

Start the video with static representation of the Actual demand (linewidth=1, color="#0000ff") and XGBoost STLF prediction (linewidth=1, color="#00ff00") graphs for the last 7 days.

Now at 1 second to 4 second: overlay the Actual demand and XGBoost STLF prediction by the LSTM STLF prediction for the last 7 days, using a thin light blue line

At 5 second to 8 second: overlay the Actual demand, XGBoost STLF prediction and LSTM STLF prediction by the TCN STLF prediction for the last 7 days, using a thin light red line

At 9 second to 12 second: overlay the Actual demand, XGBoost STLF prediction, LSTM STLF prediction and TCN STLF prediction by the TFT STLF prediction for the last 7 days, using a thin light orange line

Display and save the video

upgrade the last video.

Change LSTM color to brown

Change TCN color to dark yellow

Change TFT color to orange

at 12.5 to 14.5 seconds remove (fade LSTM, TCN and TFT)

At 15 second to 20 second: overlay the Actual demand, XGBoost STLF prediction, LSTM STLF prediction and TCN STLF prediction by both the TCN STLF prediction for the last 7 days, using a thin bright purple line

At 20 second to 25 second: overlay the Actual demand, XGBoost STLF prediction, LSTM STLF prediction and TCN STLF prediction by the TFT STLF prediction for the last 7 days, using a thin bright red line

Display and save the video

Give me the updated code.


Update attached code:


