Create a substantive post on the topic below:
Must be <= 250 words post addressing the provided questions.
Add new perspectives to the discussion where possible, share experiences, use examples of organisations and apply other course concepts from Data and Ethics (UNSW Masters in Data Science)
High distinction (HD) 85%-100% criteria:
Initiative in participation (20%): Regularly models the initiation of high quality discussions in response to prompt questions and other postings.
Integration of course content in learning activities to build knowledge and understanding applicable to professional practice. (40%): High level of knowledge and understanding of both course materials and applicability to professional practice is demonstrated in posts and discussions. Posts also demonstrate a synthesis of knowledge across the program and beyond materials provided.
Contribution to the quality and development of the group as a learning community (responding to and building on ideas and eliciting ideas from others). This includes reading what others have contributed, thinking about how their comments fit within the scheme of the course, and making active responses. Adherence to online protocols: respect, integrity, relevance. (40%): Advances the learning community by actively posting and discussing ideas and engaging others to respond and reflect. Responses regularly and consistently build on and integrate multiple views from other participants to extend and take the discussion deeper. Models and supports all online protocols: respect, integrity, relevance.

Week 1 Discussion
by Tracy Wilcox (Main Professor) - Monday, 16 March 2026, 4:20 AM
Number of replies: 30
The discussion forum kicks off this week by asking you to submit a maximum 250-word post addressing the following question:
Give an example of how algorithms affect your personal or professional life. What are some ethical questions that arise from this situation?
This post will count as one (1) contribution towards your completion of the Online Dialogue assessment.
We encourage you to provide constructive feedback on the posts of at least two (2) of your peers. (Please refer to the marking rubric on Participation in the assessment brief so you are aware of how participation will be graded)
To make your post, please hit Reply to the last post  (rather than open a new discussion). This way we will have a continuous thread that will make it easy for you to scroll through and read and comment. You can select the 'Nested' view if you want a high-level view.
Please keep individual posts to no more than 250 words a post to facilitate collaboration.
Looking forward to hearing your views!

